Release notes 2 1 17 (#3980)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/release-notes/ReleaseNotes2.1.17CE.md

---
group: release-notes
title: Magento Open Source 2.1.17 Release Notes
---

> *	TOC

Reviewer: What is this?

Author: removed. legacy ick.

{:toc}

*Release notes published March 26, 2019.*

> We are pleased to present Magento Open Source 2.1.17. This release includes multiple enhancements to product security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are pleased to present {{site.data.var.ce}} 2.1.17. This release includes multiple enhancements to product security. 
```

This release include security enhancements that help close cross-site scripting, arbitrary code execution, and sensitive data disclosure vulnerabilities as well as other security issues. No confirmed attacks related to these issues have occurred to date. However, certain vulnerabilities can potentially be exploited to access customer information or take over administrator sessions. We recommend that you upgrade your Magento software to the latest version as soon as possible.

## Highlights

See [Magento Security Center](https://magento.com/security/patches/magento-2.3.1-2.2.8-and-2.1.17-security-update) for a comprehensive discussion of these issues. All exploitable security issues fixed in this release (2.1.17) have been ported to 2.3.1, 2.2.8, 1.14.4.1, and 1.9.4.1, as appropriate. 

### Note about changes to the Authorize.Net extension

> Magento’s implementation of the Authorize.Net Direct Post payment method currently uses MD5 based hash for all M1 and M2 installations. As of June 28, 2019, Authorize.Net will stop supporting MD5 based hash usage (announcement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento’s implementation of the Authorize.Net Direct Post payment method currently uses an MD5-based hash for all M1 and M2 installations. As of June 28, 2019, Authorize.Net will stop supporting MD5-based hash usage (announcement).
```

Author: changed

> Magento’s implementation of the Authorize.Net Direct Post payment method currently uses MD5 based hash for all M1 and M2 installations. As of June 28, 2019, Authorize.Net will stop supporting MD5 based hash usage (announcement).

Reviewer: Shouldn't "announcement" be linked?
